hi guys welcome back to I'm teasing and
i'm here with Captain America I'm on the
mind can hats from Marvel and it is for
ages 3 and up here is the back of the
box we have adamant little town captain
america and here are some accessories so
here we have everything out of the box
we have kept in America base that has a
and star mode and also comes with a
shield
and here we have a baseball iron man who
has to hand moles and some more wars
over here and an extruder let's start
with Captain America
Here I am taking the extra glitter off
and we have a star
let's operate the sheet here is Iron Man
and here we have the two points for iron
man but split up here and give or Iron
Man complete action to the look on top
of it is an extruder I'm coupon to
platos orange and blue let's see what
kind of operator comes out of there wow
it's so pretty
so here we have an option here already
where are you guys doing here that I bet
my way we are not going anywhere Green
Goblin mm-hmm must with me and you got
yourself in a trouble now watch what I
do oh no what's this let's not the
theremin playing
what is that doing her whole does not
like who hurt his friends oh no we don't
have any base to stand on the boyfriends
all cause a solution for this here you
got your new basis
thanks hope this is really awesome you
are the best oh wow hi lites to hug
unfold don't forget like and subscribe
my life
you